Yes it is 2100 in the field
This time I introduced a modified plarail again
Read about what I made this time
New car
It is 201 series Osaka ring line
This is Ano'
The other day I bought it for about 2000 yen in the second half of the opening shea
201 series
I modified an old product
I have remodeled with the 201 series but I like this
It is only painting that does not hear mold or anything at all
It is repainted or is Honmonji
The front is a picture with lights, jr mark and direction on this picture
Re Sha lean wrote beautiful
I really wanted to change it because it was not a window or something like this
In addition to also feel a little no example with Yappa
The
Also, it is able to re coating 205 system Toka also
The previous 201 series also go out
After that you can
Already
1 year 9 e
I did not change the mold
Also in here bestiality species Volume 10's
Even the car body alone
I have not heard anything inside
Actually what degree I'd re paint another here vehicle hour
I'm not re-paint and also
I 'm going to enter this again
Nde Once you are no longer open beams
Here I did not say of the areola
I'm really waiting for any structure in the body alone
In Well
Maybe the real thing
Because there is a cooler of the warp, battery data is shown
I think that I have been removed, but to the mark of Matsui Ki
It is good to be because it is the wind I Osaka Loop Line wind
In the first car
This is also light
jr mark and
Well I thought this would go out
Good degree
Hey that
West Japan waving
Well , I think it's a little wrong to release the original 200 breath with this 205 series mold
Though
Well, I can see this if I understand that I can go 200
I think it's okay
I
It will be a little old
I painted in this yellow wheel only I did not Doringu gray
Has entered
Tei was
Ah
This time
Cans decontamination of this 201 series
We introduced the second pirate
103 system it is also want to buy someday 103 system that Nanda' only Plarail Shop Limited
Do not know when
I think in can buy at half also want to buy someday So made it